fixes: broken doc links (#921)
accurics/terrascan: README.md

### Step 3: Integrate with CI\CD

Terrascan can be integrated into CI/CD pipelines to enforce security best practices.

> Please refer to our [documentation to integrate with your pipeline](https://docs.accurics.com/projects/accurics-terrascan/en/latest/integrations/cicd.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to our [documentation to integrate with your pipeline](https://docs.accurics.com/projects/accurics-terrascan/en/latest/integrations/overview.html).
```

## Policies
Terrascan policies are written using the [Rego policy language](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/). Every rego includes a JSON "rule" file which defines metadata for the policy.

> By default, Terrascan downloads policies from Terrascan repositories while scanning for the first time. However if you want to download the latest policies, you need to run the Initialization process. See [Usage](./docs/usage/command_line_mode.md) for information about the Initialization process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Terrascan downloads policies from Terrascan repositories while scanning for the first time. However if you want to download the latest policies, you need to run the Initialization process. See [Usage](https://docs.accurics.com/projects/accurics-terrascan/en/latest/usage/command_line_mode.html) for information about the Initialization process.
```
